(Episode 17)
Where's Ha Jung?
He's sleeping inside.
Hello, Director Jang.
Hello. Please take the child.
Yes, sir.
What are you doing?
I'm just asking her to keep an eye on him.
If we raise our voices,
he might be scared.
I heard...
Pil Joo brought you here,
so you can make your own decision about the press conference.
Did you make up your mind yet?
Not yet.
What are you hesitating about?
About what I will say there.
What I should tell the press to hurt...
you and Executive Jung.
I'm hesitating because I can't come up with what to say.
For the sake of Ha Jung.
Seo Won.
I let you slide for the sake of Ha Jung...
since you're his mother.
It's a one-time deal.
And you...
used it just now.
Boo Cheon.
Now,
there is...
a reason...
I must be the chairman even if it costs my life.
I must become the chairman as if my life depends on it.
I don't have to keep...
those, who stand in my way, alive.
Seo Won.
If I begged you this much,
shouldn't it be enough?
Must I...
beg more than this?
If you eliminated Yoon Seo Won that time,
she wouldn't have been able to cause trouble.
What if that lowlife holds the press conference...
and ruins Boo Cheon? What will you do then?
You only caused our son to injure his leg.
Secretary Oh, do you know that...
you're only harming Boo Cheon?
Kang Pil Joo isn't answering my call.
Bring him to me.
Ms. Na.
It's eventually back...
to the original owner after 20 years.
This is the only thing...
my dad left to me.
Thank you, Ms. Na.
You're welcome,
Mr. Jang Eun Cheon.
Ms. Icheon...
recognized that necklace.
She said Grandfather gave it to Vice Chairman Jang Soo Man.
I thought you were Jo In Ho,
but you were Kang Pil Joo.
Then I thought you were Kang Pil Joo,
but you are Jang Eun Cheon.
Kang Pil Joo's memorial service.
I saw you having a memorial service...
with a name plaque for Kang Pil Joo.
When I saw you having the service with your own name plaque,
I thought about what made you...
walk into the river when you were young.
It must have been something...
terrible and despicable I can't even fathom.
And it's not over yet.
That's what I thought.
I'll take back what I said...
about you living happy.
No matter what you say,
when you can't use your real name,
you're not living well.
I need to know...
me, Boo Cheon, and you...
How three of us...
got here.
And why you are...
hiding your real name...
and living in Cheon A.
I believe I have the right...
to ask you.
I'll tell you,
but...
if you want to hear my story,
you have to be ready for it.
You need to be ready...
to hear...
anything I have to say.
Come back when you're ready.
I am...
ready for it.
So...
tell me.
Attorney Kang.
You need to see Executive Jung now.
She said she called you several times, but you didn't pick up.
Have you found Yoon Seo Won, that witch?
Yes. Boo Cheon's on his way to meet her.
You sent him alone?
He doesn't know anything. What's he going to do?
No one can...
communicate with her better than him.
They even have a child.
I didn't ask how well they get along.
That's not the point.
We need to prevent Yoon Seo Won from talking.
Gosh.
(Boo Cheon)
The number you have dialed isn't available at the moment...
There's...
not one man I like in Mooshimwon.
The number you have dialed...
isn't available at the moment...
He's still not picking up.
Something must've happened.
Mom.
Seo Won will not have...
- a press conference. - Really?
Did you talk her through?
What did you say to change her mind?
I tried my best to beg her.
Then she said she won't do it.
Good job, Boo Cheon.
Of course.
I'll become the chairman.
That's nothing.
We should still lock her up for a while.
Mom. I've settled it.
Trust your son.
Gosh, Mom.
Sure.
I'll trust you...
since you're so certain.
You two should go sleep.
Hey.
That knife...
I needed it to beg Seo Won.
I've put it back to its place.
Don't blame me later if it goes missing.
Let's go to sleep.
You can relax, Mom.
Pil Joo.
Did Boo Cheon just...
(Yoon Seo Won)
Yoon Seo Won's in Cheong A Hotel.
She's not answering her phone.
She must be sleeping. Do you know what time it is?
Yoon Seo Won.
(Mooshimwon)
Did it work out?
That's a relief. I knew it.
She was just angry. She didn't really...
You should say hello if you're here.
Here.
I've used it since the day...
I started Cheong A business.
Grandfather.
I told him that you'd prefer...
receiving the shares or cash.
But he wanted to give it to you,
so he took it out a few days ago.
He even asked me to apply the lubricant on it...
and treat it as if it were a baby...
so that its beads won't fall off.
He was such a demanding man.
Are you disappointed that it's not the shares?
I am not, Grandfather.
I like it better than the shares.
Of course, I would've been happier if you gave me the shares too.
Look, this little boy now has grown into a decent man.
You're much better than your dad.
Sir, there's one more thing you should tell him.
- What? - You used the abacus...
in front of the customers...
just not to incur their suspicion.
But you were already done...
calculating the prices in your head.
That's right.
I could do sums in my head faster than using it.
You're still the one...
who reads Cheong A's financial statements the fastest.
That's the vital aspect required for businessmen.
You need to know what would bring you the most profit quickly...
and then pretend not to know anything...
with a poker face.
With a poker face!
I got it.
I'll keep that it mind.
I opened Cheong A business when I was 19,
so I guess the abacus is about 60 years old, right?
It'd be around 70 years old.
Really?
I guess I want to rejuvenate myself...
since I often believe I'm younger than I really am.
Then Ha Jung will...
lose his chance to become the member of the Jang family.
Boo Cheon begged me.
Call off Yoon Seo Won's press conference.
Yes, sir.
I didn't even know about its existence.
Grandfather...
only showed it to Dad just once and kept it until today.
And he gave it to me.
Attorney Kang and Director Jang have just got out of the hospital.
What would invigorate them?
What about Master Kwon's herbal tonic?
Ms. Na should have some more.
I'm all right.
Mother, I don't need it.
You need it, so you can conceive a baby.
Director Jang even gave...
Ms. Na the family treasure.
Why don't you make Honorary Chairman Jan happy...
by giving birth to a baby boy?
Family treasure?
I mean the necklace that the late vice chairman Jang had.
The necklace Honorary Chairman made himself...
after winning some kind of bid for construction...
when the vice chairman was little.
I have never seen it.
Then I'm sure Honorary Chairman Jang gave it to you.
I just found it somewhere else.
Really?
But it looked the same.
I know what it looks like.
Bring it here. I need to see it.
Yes, Mother.
It's inside the bottom drawer left to the desk.
I found the place for Seo Won and Ha Jung to stay.
We need to estrange them from Boo Cheon for a while.
Finally, you have control over Yoon Seo Won.
Why do you always cover up for her?
There's no reason for it, Executive Jung.
You never do anything...
without a reason.
I guess that means you can't tell me why.
Fine. I will stop asking why.
Boo Cheon could've changed so much thanks to your encouragement,
which is really good.
Both Boo Cheon and I think this would be the last chance.
Cheong A is currently under attack from others.
He thinks there would be no such chance later,
so he's been nervous a lot,
which I believe to be helpful for Boo Cheon.
I see.
Where did you find it?
I went to a retreat...
and found it near the river when I was young.
Where? Which river?
It was near the retreat center in Gapyeong.
Leave it here.
It's not yours.
Do you cherish it now?
This belong to the Jangs,
specifically to my husband.
Let me make it clear...
that it's mine, Mo Hyun.
I'll give it to you when you give birth to a baby.
You may leave.
Okay.
This necklace is...
the late Eun Cheon's.
He put it inside a frame and treasured it,
saying it was from his father.
And one day, he took it out...
and put it around Eun Cheon's neck.
It must've be given to Boo Cheon.
It's so strange.
How could it fall...
into Mo Hyun's hands?
We not only failed to get the permit to build Cheong A Tower,
but also Boo Cheon's father-in-law failed to become the president.
Since...
Mo Hyun became our family,
nothing has gone well at all.
During the five years of Lee Cheol Yong's presidency,
Cheong A has earned a great deal of profits...
thanks to Congressman Na's lobbying.
And because of the profit we gained during the current administration,
the next government is paying attention to us.
Pil Joo,
you always take Mo Hyun's side whenever we talk about her,
and that's awfully unpleasant.
You're not working for her sake.
Come to yourself,
Pil Joo.
Out of nine candidates for the vice chairman,
we've narrowed down to five candidates...
including Vice President Jang and Director Jang.
Here it is.
The presidents selected the candidates.
I am sure...
all of them are qualified enough as you chose them.
I never doubt it.
As long as it's motivated Boo Cheon and Yeo Cheon, it's good.
Then let's narrow down to Boo Cheon and Yeo Cheon...
and brief me on them.
As you all know,
the new treatment Director Jang developed...
successfully garnered the media's attention.
However, Vice President Jang Yeo Cheon...
violated Director Jang Boo Cheon's privacy...
Mr. Woo.
That's enough.
But I'm obliged to report it...
as the head of the personnel committee.
Attorney Kang.
Mr. Woo, it's all over already. You don't need to report it.
How come there's something I do not know?
Attorney Kang, how dare you treat me...
like a lame duck?
I apologize, sir.
Director Jang Boo Cheon took care of it,
so I didn't inform you.
Tell me now.
Director Jang Yeo Cheon appeased the mother of Yoon Ha Jung,
the child you met a while ago,
with the promise that he'd support her with a suit against...
Director Jang Boo Cheon regarding the paternity...
of the child if she holds a press conference.
However,
the purpose of the press conference...
was to mar the reputation of Director Jang Boo Cheon, sir.
Yeo Cheon.
You are disrupting everything that brings profits to me.
- Grandfather. - Yeo Cheon...
will exempted from the potential vice chairman list.
- Yes, sir. - And Yeo Cheon.
Yes, Grandfather.
You will be able to control your mind better...
once you work on cutting down the trees in Myanmar.
- Work there for two years. - Grandfather.
[VIU Ver] E17 Money Flower "Cheong A's Dog"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Why didn't you tell Grandfather that...
Yeo Cheon tried to get Seo Won to hold a press conference?
Yeo Cheon doesn't live at Mooshimwon.
Yeo Cheon had to be present when I told him about it,
so your grandfather could get angrier...
seeing Yeo Cheon sitting in front of him.
That's how we can get rid of him faster.
So...
to get rid of him with one blow, Mr. Woo set up the stage,
you danced on the stage while pretending to be clueless,
and Grandfather played along with the whole act.
Gosh, Pil Joo. Well played.
But now that...
Yeo Cheon is leaving to the lumber camp in Myanmar,
I sort of feel bad for him.
Boo Cheon.
Jang Boo Cheon.
You didn't win yet.
You don't have time to wallow in your feelings.
If Jang Yeo Cheon...
stays next to you,
he will try to take you down whenever he gets a chance.
He can steal your position from you.
Keep that in mind.
Okay?
Okay.
I got it.
Hey.
Just punch me.
You...
Do you know how scary you look when you shoot daggers at me?
You wouldn't know. You've never looked at your own eyes.
Are you here to say goodbye?
There's no need for that.
I'm not a fan of you,
but since we share the lineage,
chalk it up to our lineage, and let me give you a word of advice.
I guess today is my day of receiving advice.
Why does everyone who has a mouth around me...
want to give a word of advice?
Every advice, but mine, doesn't mean anything.
This advice from your competitor is real.
Be careful with Kang Pil Joo.
He can push you away anytime...
and take your place.
Hey, punk.
Didn't you hear how Pil Joo addressed me as his "owner"?
How dare you cause a rift between us?
How naive.
Do you think he genuinely sees you as his superior?
Hey, get out. These days,
I'm working on my reputation.
Count yourself lucky that I'm not beating you up. Get lost.
I told you to get out!
It is my opinion that the biggest mistake Aunt made...
is keeping Kang Pil Joo next to you.
When we were young, we used to play together all the time.
I know enough about you.
You're not as weak as...
Aunt makes you out to be.
Without Kang Pil Joo,
you could have competed against me.
Fair and square.
Am I not playing fair now?
Boo Cheon.
You got all the way here because...
Kang Pil Joo trained you.
Do you really not know or are you playing dumb with me?
- You jerk. - Should I...
guess what you're thinking?
You often think that you're lucky to have Kang Pil Joo on your side,
don't you?
Good luck.
Don't let the tiger bite you.
Survive.
Please do.
Get all the files...
that you collected while tailing Ms. Na ready.
Are you really going to tell her everything about her marriage?
Yes, except the part Congressman Na willingly made use...
of the support from Cheong A.
I'll be the only one to blame.
Ms. Na and Congressman Na...
- will be the victims. - Pil Joo.
Are you trying to make her hate you...
and put distance from you?
- How are stocks for this quarter? - Well,
we lost the funds when President Jang Seong Man stole the truck,
but we recovered the funds with the stocks.
We had a great quarter with the stock investment.
When Daeil Distribution goes public, we will need fund to buy shares.
Stop purchasing stocks of Cheong A Trading for a while.
- Okay. - Buy a lot of shares from Daeil.
That's how we will have the upper hand...
when Cheong A Bio and Cheong A Trading merge.
But Cheong A Trading is a bigger company.
Even the merging ratio will be advantageous for Cheong A Trading.
For now, yes. But keep your tabs on it.
It's a matter of time for Cheong A Bio to take over Cheong A Trading.
With the money from Executive Jung,
buy shares of Cheong A Trading. With our money,
only buy shares of Cheong A Bio which is undervalued.
Buy expensive shares with Executive Jung's money.
Cheap ones with our money.
Okay. Got it.
Pil Joo.
Park Yong Goo.
So this is...
the headquarters where you are striving to make me...
the chairman.
What brings you here?
I came here for you.
I had some questions.
I asked Pil Joo about this, but he didn't give me an answer.
Pil Joo.
Do you know what he plans to do...
once I become the chairman?
He will still work at Cheong A. When you become the chairman,
aren't you going to promote him?
Of course.
I should make him the president...
of a subsidiary or something. That's for sure.
Help him.
That's how...
you can help me.
I will return the favor later.
Sure.
Actually,
time to time, I sold myself short and wondered...
what good being the chairman of Cheong A would do for me.
Hey, this is just between you and me.
I didn't even want to become the chairman,
but Pil Joo tamed and trained me.
That's how he's been dragging me until now.
He was just helping out as a friend.
You are being too harsh.
That's why I'm telling you this is between us.
It's also true, isn't it?
Secretary Oh.
Were you waiting for me?
No, I wasn't. It's not like that.
You come home around this time,
so I was just standing near here while I was taking a walk.
Secretary Oh.
Yes.
Don't wait for me anymore.
It's really awkward.
Yes, sir.
Mo Hyun said she'll be at her parents' place a little longer.
Okay. I heard too.
- I had dinner already. - Okay.
What happened to the necklace?
I heard I saw it correctly.
Mom.
I...
know Dad had another son.
That necklace...
was given to Jang Eun Cheon by Dad, right?
That's right.
But Mo Hyun picked that up.
Show it to me.
Why would you want to see it?
A dead person wore that.
Jang Eun Cheon is dead.
I know.
I heard he's dead.
But I still want to see it.
I want to see the necklace that Dad gave to Jang Eun Cheon.
Grandfather gave it to your dad.
And it should've been passed to you.
Mom.
I want to keep it.
Okay.
That'd be better.
The necklace...
has finally found its rightful owner,
thanks to Mo Hyun.
Sir.
Secretary Oh.
You...
went and took care...
of Jang Eun Cheon's funeral with Pil Joo and mom, right?
I heard it from Pil Joo.
Yes.
But Secretary Oh.
Actually,
Jang Eun Cheon is alive.
What do you...
Kang Pil Joo...
is Jang Eun Cheon, Secretary Oh.
Sir.
I...
My mom...
He knows how much my mom and I like him.
We've been deceived for over 20 years.
What grudges must he have against us?
How could he...
deceive us for such a long time?
So...
please keep an eye on Pil Joo.
Okay.
Don't tell...
my mom about this.
Of course.
I won't.
If my mom finds out...
that Pil Joo's been deceiving her,
she might pass away.
When is Yeo Cheon leaving?
Since those in Myanmar need to get ready for him,
he'll leave in about 10 days.
So it'll take 10 more days until we finally get rid of him.
Jang Seong Man.
He won't come begging because he's too proud.
He must be dying to receive a call...
from Father.
One more thing, Pil Joo.
About the necklace that Mo Hyun picked up.
Wouldn't it make more sense...
to say Eun Cheon gave it to her...
than saying she picked it up coincidentally at a school trip?
Wouldn't that sound more believable?
She kept the necklace...
she picked up coincidentally for more than 20 years?
It's better...
to say that there's something...
between Jang Eun Cheon and Na Mo Hyun.
Earlier,
she seemed attached...
to the necklace...
when I said that I'll keep it.
It was also near Gapyeong...
where Ahn Ho Kyung jumped into the water with his two sons.
Mo Hyun...
picked up Jang Eun Cheon's necklace...
during her school trip near Gapyeong.
Wait.
Pil Joo, your house...
is also in Gapyeong.
Gosh, this feels good.
You did a great job today.
I was so busy today.
I didn't have much time to sit down.
Selling food...
is getting money from others' pockets.
It's the most difficult...
and noble task.
Of course, you're tired.
It's noble.
I always keep what you said in mind,
and when there are guests,
I serve them as if they're...
my late parents.
That's a good attitude.
Oh, it's nice.
Father. It's us.
(Mooshimwon)
Keep the conversation between Seong Man and me...
well.
Yes, sir. I'll record it.
Father. We don't need an attorney...
for the family matter.
You still have a far way to go.
This isn't a family matter.
You're demoted to the lumber camp...
as a punishment for harming Cheong A.
What do you want to nitpick at?
Don't be like that.
I'm here to apologize.
Father.
I...
will back off,
but please forgive Yeo Cheon.
This won't solve anything.
Attorney Kang. Why don't you stay mutual...
and suggest a plan for Cheong A?
It's cost a lot of money and time...
to prevent the public from knowing...
what Director Jang Yeo Cheon has done wrong.
Many people say his relegation...
has set a good example to management.
If...
his relegation is canceled,
I believe it is an action against...
Honorary Chairman's belief...
of making anyone who harms Cheong A...
take responsibility.
- Yeo Cheon. - Yes, Grandfather.
It's against my belief.
I can't take it back.
Go work at the lumber camp.
How did...
three of us...
get on the wrong path?
It's your turn to answer me now.
- Hello? - Boo Cheon.
- I'm sorry, - About what?
but I'm going to tell Ms. Na...
that your marriage was my idea.
I thought...
I should tell you...
- before I tell her. - what?
Are you out of your mind?
Don't do that.
Hey...
What a jerk.
- Hello, Director Kang. - Long time no see.
Where's Executive Na?
She went out for lunch at the restaurant in front of the building.
(Bonjuk and Bibimbap Cafe)
Ms. Na.
Mr. Kang.
What are you doing here?
Can I sit down?
Yes.
How is working in the foundation?
It's not as fun as teaching,
but I'm getting used to it.
That's nice to hear.
Would you like to order?
- This one please. - Yes.
(Jang Boo Cheon)
(Boo Cheon)
Ms. Na.
One second.
(Boo Cheon)
He knows that...
I'm here to talk to you.
- Eat. - Enjoy.
Have a seat.
You said...
you'll take back what you said about...
me living well.
After you listen to me,
you'll regret...
saving my life.
Did you know...
people call me...
Cheong A's dog?
My goal for Cheong A...
is to make...
my owner,
Jang Boo Cheon, the chairman.
In order for him to become the chairman,
he has to win Honorary Chairman Jang's heart.
Honorary Chairman Jang's lifelong dream was...
to earn the approval for Cheong A Tower construction.
So I thought...
the daughter of Congressman Na Gi Chul,
the presidential candidate,
would be perfect...
as Boo Cheon's match.
So...
it was planned...
from the beginning...
Right.
That is correct.
The reason I stayed around you...
wasn't because I liked you,
but because...
I needed to investigate you.
And...
I came to have feelings for you.
But now,
I no longer like you.
You met Boo Cheon,
fell in love with him,
and got married...
according to the scenario...
I wrote.
I shot the wing of the bird,
and Boo Cheon...
succeeded in getting close to you...
very naturally...
by rescuing the bird.
What are you doing?
Please stop!
There was someone who must've been blamed,
but I criticized the wrong person.
Let go of my hands. Get off.
Let go!
Do you know how terrified I was...
when I saved you?
I was afraid to lose you.
I was afraid to find you dead...
when I took you out.
I prayed...
for strength,
so I could save this boy.
I prayed...
and prayed...
until you woke up.
On the way back...
after failing to see you again,
I sincerely hoped...
that you would be alive somewhere.
I prayed...
to see you again.
You think I'd regret having saved you?
No.
I rather wish...
you haven't saved me when the car was turned over.
I must've died back then.
Then...
I could've died without knowing the ugly truth.
(Money Flower)